Hi everyone. We're going to calculate some market regime features,
and we're going to try to capture market wide regimes.
Market wide means, we'll look at the aggregate movement of the entire universe of stocks.
So we're calculating a single value for the entire universe of stocks.
First one is high and low dispersion,
and dispersion is looking at the dispersion or standard deviation of
a cross section of all the stocks at each period of time.
So that means if you were to plot the stock returns,
and look at a single slice on a single day,
then you want to see how spread apart are those returns.
If they're very spread apart,
then there's higher dispersion.
So first quiz which will help you fill out this line of code,
is if the inputs to our market dispersion factor are daily returns.
We plan to calculate the market dispersion on each day.
Then what should be the window length of the market dispersion class?
So this is saying, how many rows of data
should the number array be when it reaches the compute function.
Okay. So to implement this function,
here are the formulas that you want to implement.
So we're going to create a class that inherits from custom factor.
We're overriding the compute function,
which you see here to calculate
the population standard deviation of all the stocks over a specified window of time.
So here this is just saying,
take the average of the returns across all stocks in all time periods,
and this is saying, calculate the variance and then take the square root.
So that's the standard deviation,
and thus market dispersion.
One thing to keep in mind for any custom factor is that,
when you set the inputs this is an iterable.
So notice this is a list,
and everything that you put inside this list gets unpacked over here.
So after these standard parameters then you can see anything after that.
These are the individual elements of that input being unpacked.
So whatever daily returns is,
that's what you see here.